The earlier version of Hilton Garden Inn Trivandrum, the Mutthoot Plaza might be a great "friend" of several Wi-Fi users of Trivandrum city as its free Wi-Fi was so strong till Spencer's junction even 5yrs back( when Wi-Fi was not as strong as it is now). So, even without a single entry to this hotel, I was very much "obliged" to them :D. When they did a make over under the brand Hilton Worldwide, it gives a deluxe World-class experience for the stay and dining of this relatively small city.  We had buffet lunch from their Garden Grille Restaurant last week. I was not physically fit to serve myself due to right elbow fracture. But, the hotel employees were too benevolent to make it a memorable experience. Different varieties of soups as starters and Pizza/Pasta following that was a splendid way to start the lunch. We had sweet corn soup, Chicken soup, See food Pizza and Chicken pasta in white sauce. All were peerless in terms of quality and quantity was quite adequate.  Then, I went for the salads( I am unsure whether this is the right sequence to have a buffet lunch ie, to have the salads in between. Since I enquired for salads our boy directed us to that area). Salads are in a separate room and their choices were mind-blowing. There were 3 different chicken salads, 3 different leaves, more than 10 variety of sprouts, several cut fresh vegetables, olives, beef salami , chicken salami , baked beet root pieces cut in square pieces and all were decorated quite beautifully. To my surprise there were two dishes in a corner of the same room- White and Brown chutneys and 2 pretty "Bharani's (traditional storage vessel of Kerala) were also kept in the same room. The arrangements were too contemporaneous, but this small addition made it absolutely traditional. Kudos for that thought!!!  The main dishes- plain rice, brown rice, roti, Kerala paratha, tava paratha, veg noodles, chapathi- were accompanied by several curries. Lamb masala, Chicken curry with capsicum, traditional fish curry, beef cake (first time experience) were the non veg series. Chembu masala, achinga thoran, parippu curry, eggplant curry, brinjal fry and 2-3 other dishes (I don't remember the name exactly) were smashing the taste buds wonderfully.  But, their desert range was really the Cherry on top. Nearly 25 variety of puddings including tender coconut, guava, strawberry, lemon etcetera. I don't know how to write the versatility and freshness they have offered. The guava pudding with exactly the flavor of natural guava, I am sorry I don't recollect the exact name of several dishes. Carrot Halwa/cake, Vanilla and Strawberry ice creams were also there in this magnificent final selection. A great dining experience.  I have two points which rose a hitch. (1) You are delivering exceptional taste and variety in your buffet. But this doesn't include cold water/mineral water. 1 bottle cold water is Rs 99+tax, when comparing to your buffet cost this is relatively high. A very small thing which can be corrected quite easily. I believe cold water should be a mandatory inclusion in all buffet especially when you are not providing juices or any other drinking water in the buffet. (2) Restaurant is directly opposite to main road, and through the transparent glass what you are seeing is the vehicles passing through Punnen Road which is not a great view and to an extent it can kill the ambience inside. I believe, some decorations/arrangements near to that glasses can easily sort this problem out. (Not a major issue, still pointing out; your website is very slow to access from outside if this is it http://hiltongardeninn3.hilton.com/en/hotels/india/hilton-garden-inn-trivandrum-TRVGIGI/index.html Please try to fix the issue as several guests may be directly checking this for booking.)  I don't know how your other facilities are working (it seems that too great when going through the other reviews in TripAdvisor). But I can be your ambassador for the lunch buffet, food decorations, arrangement in the restaurant and the obsequious staffs. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend you for anyone. Will definitely visit again to explore "The Dining Experience".
Dear Lovetheantique,  Greetings from Hilton Garden Inn Trivandrum!  Firstly, I would like to express my heartfelt thanks for choosing Hilton Garden Inn Trivandrum and for sharing your detailed feedback on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to read your feedback about our facilities and service especially our Garden Grille dining experience. Hospitality is one of the Hilton values, which we try to live daily. Our chef takes a great pride in serving the best buffet spreads in town with wide selections starting from tasty soups to luscious desserts. Surprised to learn how much you knew about our cuisine, that’s amazing! Thank you for appreciating our staff for their excellent service and recommending us. Please be assured that I have shared your feedback as well as your compliments with the entire team. We look forward to serving you again on your future visit to Trivandrum and in case of any assistance please contact me at gupta.vishal@hilton.com.
fairly nice buffet with a wide selection of dishes. i thought 'australian egg' was decidedly exotic. it's a new restaurant in a new hotel, and the ambiance and the service were good. we were a party of six, and the kids liked the big screen LCD tvs, the men were quite pleased with the meat dishes, and the women liked the desserts, except a chocolate pudding which was not great.
Dear Guest,  Thank you for your feedback. We are grateful to you for the time and effort you have taken to give your feedback. We wish to sincerely thank you for your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back to the HYCINTH By Sparsa.  Warm Regards,  S. Balakrishnan General Manager
